[Music]
what's up y'all rob here square wheels
thank you for checking me out welcome to
the channel if you're new welcome back
if you're an og thank you for your
support
sorry to leave y'all hanging but i am
back i have completed my headlight
project i'm gonna share everything with
you today
for those who are new to the channel
this is the third
and probably final video in a series
that's dedicated to demystifying
the whole headlight retrofit thing for
the infiniti q50
when i first started on this project i
decided i wanted to
you know do some custom work on my
headlights i started sniffing around and
i couldn't find
any information about it the people that
had their custom headlights done
ripped them out of their car sent them
off to some professional and got them
done
for some exorbitant amount and i
realized that
these are just kind of cheap leds it's
not kind of
rocket science but the people that have
the information they're holding on so
tight to it that nobody can do this for
themselves so i said i'm gonna throw
some money at this figure out how to do
it document everything
and share with everybody so if someone
else comes down the line and they're
trying to do their own headlights
they've got
at least a head start i'm not saying
that i'm an expert at this i'm not
saying that
you know this is the way to do it i'm
just saying that i got it done and i'm
sharing how i did it so
in this video i am going to cover
a few things one i ripped out the
lighting trends controller and i
installed a blue ghost controller so i'm
going to walk you through that
i'm going to walk you through the
differences between the lighting trends
controller
and the blue ghost controller and
everything that it gets you um
what else i also installed demon eyes
so i installed the lighting trends
demonize
with the diode dynamics demonize
controller
i'm going to walk you through and and
how i wired it up and all the hoops i
had to jump to to get that done
lastly i've got etched lenses installed
so these really pop
with the demon eyes once the lights are
going through that light lens
these etch lenses kind of help catch
some light and
they can display whatever pattern you
want on your headlight lens it's a
really cool look
so i'm gonna walk you through how i did
that also so sit tight everything's here
there's chapters
uh down at the bottom so you want to
jump ahead if there's something specific
that you're looking for check out the
chapters
also note this is video three so
if um you know you're not sure how to
pull the headlights out
you're not sure how to disassemble them
or
or you know bake them in the oven or all
that stuff i cover that in videos
one and two so you'll probably want to
check those out before you go through
this video i'm doing this for free this
is not my day job so i'd appreciate
if this is helpful for you please hit
that like button hit that subscribe
button
any comments any questions please let me
know in the comments
or hit me up on any of my social
channels i'll link them down in the
description also
thanks for checking me out see on the
other side
[Music]
all right first stop and probably most
important the most significant change in
this headlight project
was installing the blue ghost controller
now i wish i would have known this
before i went and installed the
lighting trends controller which is a
good controller it's good at what it
does
but i wish i would have known that this
blue ghost controller was out there
because
it's a whole different level in terms of
customization options
in terms of animations and in terms of
integration with the vehicle itself
there's two things that make the blue
ghost controller
way better than the lighting trends
controller and better than any other
other controllers i was able to find
one is it has multiple inputs
so now what this means is that whenever
there's an event
from any of those things like your
headlights or your left turn signal or
your right turn signal
you can program the bluehost controller
to do something special with
whatever lights are connected to it so
having multiple inputs is super helpful
and it sets it apart
uh for instance the lighting trends
controller doesn't have any inputs so
basically when it's on
it's on it has no idea what the car is
doing it doesn't know
you know your headlights are on it
doesn't know if you're turning so
obviously can't do anything like
sequentials or
welcome animation or anything like that
so that's where the power of the blue
ghost controller is
second thing is it's always on um but
it's on constant power
that means that whenever the car sends a
signal even
you know the car isn't on sends a signal
like
hey he unlocked the door so the parking
lights came on for a second
the blue ghost controller can respond to
that and have the lights do something
and that's how those
welcome animations are configured now
y'all
i want this to be as easy as possible
for you so what i've done
is put together a wiring diagram and in
this wiring diagram i detail
everything from you know from where
you're getting power from
where you're getting certain signals or
triggers to your blue ghost plus
controller
where you're wiring the outputs from
your blue ghost
plus controller your demon eye wiring
basically
everything you need for this entire
project if you want to do it
exactly the same way that i did with the
welcome animations with your daylight
day running lights running this is your
holy grail basically you just use this
and if there's ever any part where you
get hung up
come back to the video or just zoom in
on the wiring diagram the answer is
probably right there on the diagram so
hope this is helpful for you again if
you see value in any of this
please hit that like button please hit
that subscribe button i really
appreciate the support
all right so let's take a peek at the
blue ghost controller so first thing i
did when i
took it out of the box was uh unscrew
all these screws on the back just so i
could see
everything that's involved everything
that you know
i'm gonna need to hook up to to get this
project done so
first thing is first let's start on the
80 side
on the top end so what you'll see here
is two very familiar connectors the
three pin connectors that go to your led
strip so just consider these the outputs
they connect directly to the loading
trend strips if that's what you go for
or you know probably any other strip you
may have to change the
sequence of the wiring but just consider
these things coming out of the top
as your outputs all right pretty easy
right
all right so now we're going to flip
this over and look at the bottom side
because that's where things start
getting a little interesting and what
i'm going to do is kind of walk you
through
left to right everything going along the
bottom starting with
5 volts of input so this is what you're
going to need this is mandatory
you're going to need the step down
connector or the step down
power supply that came with the glucose
unit
and that's going to connect to your
battery and it's going to step down the
12-volt signal down to a 5-volt signal
so you can power your neopixel leds
all right next up is the 12 volts of
input so you're going to connect this
directly to
the battery and it's going to give you
12 volts of
electricity and this is optional this is
only
if you've got a blue ghost plus and if
you've got 12 volt accessories that
you're going to want to power
trigger through the blue ghost truss
plus all right here's where it gets
really cool
so the blue ghost and lugos plus both
come with four
inputs and they allow you to tap a
signal from your vehicle
to tell the blue ghost to do something
special when an event happens
so you can essentially wire these to
anything you can wire them to your
brakes
to your you know door a jar light
basically anything you want to do
so i'm going to walk you through what i
did and i've got a wiring diagram that
i'll share
but you can essentially use these inputs
for anything
and lastly over there in the dark purple
is the
four 12 volt outputs this is also really
interesting i
really recommend the blue ghost plus i
think you get a lot of value out of it
so these outputs are basically
switched 12 volt lines where you can
connect any 12-volt accessories so
in my personal build i use two of these
one of these for the led emblem and one
of these for the demon eye so that when
i unlock the cars or when i do anything
special
these outputs get power
and they turn on my demonizer they turn
on my led
emblem so all this can be configured in
the app once you've got these wires
hooked up
okay let's talk about the four inputs so
on blue ghost documentation they label
these inputs
as ln1 through ln4 and to get
your headlights configured the exact
same way that mine do
where the animation kicks in when i
unlock the doors
and the day of running lights stay on
and then we've got sequential turn
signals
these are the four inputs that you want
to use
ln one which it has labeled as break or
party mode
i've actually got going to a switch 12
volt connection
and it's right by the fuse box by the
battery this is the same spot that i tap
for my
lighting trends headlight controller um
i just basically used that same wire and
ran it right to the spot on l1
ln2 i got hooked up to my parking lights
and this is what
is actually used for the welcome
animation when you unlock your door
it turns your parking lights on
momentarily and when you lock your door
it turns them on again
it's using that to do the welcome and
the shutdown animations
so i tapped the combination connector
and it's this exact location on the
combination connector right behind your
headlamp now don't worry about the wire
colors because they're different from
all the models
but the pin position is exactly the same
so what you're going to want to do
is flip your combination connector
upside down so the clip is on the top
end and then you just count so
for the parking lights you want
pin number two ln 3 and ln4
are pretty simple they're just for the
left and the right turn signal and what
i did was
tap the turn signal
positively right behind the connector
for the turn signal just ran that up to
the blue ghost
and all this is shown in the wiring
diagram but i just thought it might be
helpful to talk through it also
okay i promised i wasn't going to walk
you through the whole disassembly
of the headlamp again if you need to see
that go ahead and go back to that
original video but what i'm going to go
through here
is exactly what i did to install the
demon eyes
as well as the etched lenses
now etch lenses are easy and accessible
for anybody
because they're actually just vinyl
overlays so i'm going to walk you
through how to do that
and take a look in the description i'll
also
tell you where you can get a set of edge
lenses for yourself you're thinking
about doing it
okay so what you're going to need to do
is once you've got the
headlamp assembly completely out you're
just going to need to remove
all the screws that you need to in order
to get
access to the lens itself now what
you'll see is that the lens is actually
glued on
to its enclosure it's a light gray
enclosure and it's actually glued on on
there
now what i did was use a knife to just
pry up the seal
it was really easy and i kind of broke
the seal from the glue and lifted the
lens off of its enclosure
now what you'll see on here is that the
back of the lens
is actually completely flat so it's
perfect to lay down a vinyl
overlay on it
so here you'll see the vinyl overlay
that i chose i chose a honeycomb pattern
but you can get literally any pattern
any logo anything you want
for these uh etched lenses
what i'm doing here is just making sure
like on this enclosure there's little
studs and there's little holes in the
lens itself and
that tells you which way is up so if
you've got something like a
logo where you want to make sure it's
completely perfectly vertical
you can line up those studs and then
line up your overlay to make sure that
you know it's going to be pointing
upwards when you stick it to the back of
your lens
okay once you've got everything lined up
all you need to do is just push the
lens down right onto the vinyl overlay
what's cool about this is that the lens
is perfectly clear so it makes it easy
to
kind of line things up and make sure
that you got everything straight once
you push it down
make sure that you've got a good seal
got good coverage on that final overlay
and this is going to be a pro tip here
so
one thing i made sure that i did was
look at the lens from all different
angles
and as you can see here in the video
from some angles you can see
where the overlay wasn't stuck down to
the back of the lens
make sure you go over it with like a
hard card or a microfiber
rag and just make sure that everything
every square millimeter of that
overlay is stuck to the back of the lens
and then you won't have any gaps in your
pattern
no matter what angle you're looking at
it from
okay mine is looking good to go so now
it's time to
line it back up on the lens
enclosure itself and i use super glue
just to put the glue exactly back where
it was
and it ended up being a really good seal
i'm really confident this will stay
if you're nervous about it i don't know
use something industrial some some
adhesive that's gonna
you know make sure that the lens sticks
to the enclosure itself
[Music]
all right let's talk demon eyes so for
demonize there's really going to be
three components to make up a full set
of deemed knives
the first part is obviously the leds the
dm eyes that are actually going to go
into your headlight enclosure
the second part is the driver for the
demon eyes and in my case through
lighting trends
the driver came with the leds um
and they didn't come with the third part
which was the controller
so in my case i went and tried to
install these demon eyes
and i didn't have a controller because
nobody told me that
you know that they needed a controller
so i thought i'd be able to use the blue
ghost controller
you cannot use your day running light
controller you can't use the lighting
trends controller you can't use
blue ghost controller you need a
dedicated controller just for the demon
eyes
don't ask me why i don't understand it
if i had it my way
you'd just be able to use a single
controller for all your leds but
i couldn't figure out a way to do it if
you know a way please let me know
in the comments below so three elements
leds
the driver and the controller so
for the demon eye leds themselves you
need to find a way to
put them in the headlight enclosure um
so that they're bouncing light around in
the enclosure
but not affecting the throughput of your
main headlight
leds so what i did was on that enclosure
there's like a flat metal surface and
allows you to
put the demon eye led flat on that
and it actually points straight up so
it's not going to be blinding anybody
it's not going to be
affecting your output from your
headlights or anything like that
that's where i put it it's use the led
and the board for the led and i super
glued it down to that metal surface
now you can see here i was very careful
to make sure that you couldn't see the
edge of the board
and so when we're looking closely at the
lens of your headlight
so my demon eye board is completely
invisible you can't see it no matter no
matter what
okay so by now you should have a fully
assembled headlamp assembly with your
frosted elements your lenses everything
back
exactly the same way me personally i ran
all three wires out of that open
location
in the back where that cap goes and i
just drilled into the cap and i ran all
three wires
out and i used a hot glue gun to seal
that up
all right so here we are with some
illuminated demon eyes and what i'm
going to do
is just work backwards from the demon
eyes so from the demon eyes we know that
they're already
um put on the uh headlamp
pointing straight up you can see they
hit the frosted eyebrow a little bit
i'm not super thrilled about that but
hell no i'm not going back in so you can
make your own decision on that one
from the demon eyes it goes directly to
the lighting trends
demon eye driver
okay this is the demon eye driver from
lighting trends and what you'll see it's
got those two outputs that go right to
each of the demon eyes
they're five pin jst connectors so you
know for sure that they go to the demon
eyes
on the other end of that are the
input cable again another five pin jst
and then there's another cable with a
ground and a yellow wire coming out of
it
now that yellow wire is an optional
connection it can go to your
uh headlights and whenever you're
getting a signal from your headlights
it'll turn off your demon eyes so you're
not
burning them out uh unnecessarily
obviously you can't see the dmnis
if your headlights are on okay the last
wire coming out of your driver is
actually going to be the input
and this is where your controller is
going to connect to the driver
and tell it what to tell the demon and
where this got weird for me
is the driver had a female
5-pin jsd connector and so did the
outputs for my controller
and this left me in a weird scissoring
scenario where we're rubbing our stuff
together and not getting any pleasure
so what i did was i went to amazon and i
bought a pack of male and female jst
connectors
and i knew that i was going to have to
change the connector on one of these
things
if you end up in a similar situation
where you've got different brands
of controllers and drivers and you need
to change your connectors
just make sure that your signals are
matching from the controller to the
driver make sure the red wire
is connecting to the red wire the green
connecting to the green blue to blue
black to black white to white otherwise
this won't work
ask me how i know asked me how many
hours i blew on this
so what was it expecting all right y'all
we're almost there
now we understand how everything's wired
how everything's connected to each other
so
last thing to do is just show you how
i've got everything positioned within
the engine bay itself
let's see how i got this
okay so what you'll notice is that
everything i've got
tapped up here behind the battery so if
we look in a little bit closer
see we've got
two taps right after the amp
so it's a fused 12 volt
big boy going from the amp to these two
these two go to all my stuff and i got
it
stuck under here and running whatever
wires need to come out so
i've got my grounds and all my grounds
are wired to this bolt
right here and then
anything else so these are the two input
and output cable
that are coming from the blue ghost
and going under here
and just to be honest with you there's a
lot of wiring under here so
the harnesses for my blue goose
controller my diode dynamics
demon eye controller the lighting trends
demon eye
driver is all back here it's a cluster
looks like uh someone wired a time bomb
to the inside of my car but all this
stuff is waterproof
all the connections are heat shrunk so
i've already been through car wash and a
rainstorm everything's secure under
there i feel really comfortable with
that
and then it just kind of goes back here
so
do one of these zoom out just to kind of
help with the big picture
and then i'll draw on top of this so the
wiring
goes from the
this headlight to over here to back
there
demon eye same thing from this headlight
across here to there led
is just 12 volts goes from here to the
blue ghost controller up there
one of those signals the ground goes to
this post right here same thing with
these headlights here so
these headlights have the day running
lights for lighting trends
they go short cable right back to the
blue ghost controller two of them
same thing for the demon eye to the blue
ghost controller
and then all my stuff is back there so
that's it
that's all y'all this ended up being a
really long project really long video
but a lot of it was you know just uh
trial and error because
this information isn't out there so i
hope this saves y'all a lot of time
as always thanks for checking me out
like
subscribe share and i'll catch you at
the next one thanks y'all
[Music]
thank you